When I first went through these projects, I didn’t quite understand the project FloodNet since I was not familiar with that history. After reading the piece written by Michael Connor, I found this project is really interesting. The “virtual sit-in” is a novel way to protest for me, but also a way that was only feasible in the past. With the rapid network nowadays, I guess merely by manually delivering requests and the error messages can’t slow the services down to a large extent. Maybe the same effect can be achieved by some programs that run automatically, then the sit-in becomes not that poetic. 

This “virtual sit-in” also turns the internet from a two-dimension space to a three-dimensional space in my imagination. It also helps to turn the abstract cyberspace into something more concrete. The network seems to become a path or a road that can also have traffic jams when too many requests are passing through. I hardly noticed this before since the well-developed networks we have now merely occur this kind of issue. Therefore, as the author mentions “context is king”, FloodNet can only happen in that historical context when the internet is developed to that certain extent.

The statement “context is king” also reminds me of McLuhan’s statement that “Medium is the message.” He mentioned that the medium shapes and extends the scale and form of human association and action. This is well embodied in the FloodNet project. People from all over the world can participate in this “virtual sit-in” since the scale of their action is extended by the internet. People’s location would not be a limitation for them to participate in a sit-in protest. 