I’m impressed by the discussion about the words “virtual”, “actual”, and “real”. As is mentioned in the article that “both virtual and actual are equally real”, I rethink the definition of these words. Before, I always treat virtual and actual as opposites. In Chinese, virtual means “虚拟” (xv ni) and actual means “真实” (zhen shi). “xv” in Chinese means empty, which is opposed to “shi”, which means solid and true. Therefore, before, I just took for granted that virtual is opposed to actual. Now I think the difference between virtual and actual is that the former does not have a solid existence or carrier and the latter is something physically exists. This clarification helps me to think more clearly about people’s real identities and their identities online. The virtual identities of one person can also be part of his or her real identity even if it’s “false”. The difference would be the virtual identities are always just part of one’s identity since the virtual identities are shown only by some representations. 

Another point made in the article that interested me a lot is Kristin Lucas’s transformational performance Refresh. In the article, the author mentions that “a refresh recalls the source code every time.” This reminds me of the functioning way of React. Different from the traditional web pages, it only updates and re-renders the component where your data changes, which can help the web page to perform much faster. I used React a lot during my summer internship, but I just noticed that React almost changed the principle of what a web page do when refreshing and rendering a page.
