McLuhan said that Media is the extension of human. Based on this statement, relationship online is the relationship between the extension of ourselves, instead of the completely virtual selves. Our online identities may also be the extension of our identity in the real world nowadays, since the boundary between real world and virtual world is blurred. As McHugh mentioned the concept of “digital natives”, people’s identities seem to be not separated when we talking about virtual identity and real-space identity. Also, as Evans talked about what we did when we broke up (which was exactly what I did before), “every relationship throws a digital shadow”, our real life and digital life are overlapping, or to say merging. For example, as social media like WeChat becoming prevalent, people’s identity in the virtual world is no longer totally faked. Also, you even can’t fake your identity now on many online platforms with real-name authentication. Therefore, I think now, and in the future, it would be harder for people to fake their identities or pretend to be someone else on the Internet. The Internet seems also to be part of, or the extension of the real world. For example, if you did something bad online, you will also be punished by laws or policies in the real world.
<br></br>
After discussing all the above, I would say that the relationship built online can be real, can be faked. The platform and the users’ purposes can be part of the decisive factors. However, I would also say that for those who want to pretend and hide their real identity, internet would make it easier, since by simply typing, you can hide your appearance, accent, movements, or even the way they speak, which are hard to hide in the real world. 