The two artists’ works turn the screen of the computer into a three-dimensional space, which contains the different worlds created by Cao Fei and the visitor to Megan Driscoll’s computer. 

Cao Fei built an RMB City, which integrates lots of elements showing the rapid development of China together. These elements, originally located all over China, are now piled up on an island. At first glance, I felt the RMB City is more like a virtual statue than a virtual city because of the weird and messy layout and shape. It doesn’t look like what we normally think that a city should look like. After watching a video of the RMB City, I found that there are many detailed elements in the city, for example, cars driving on the winding road, freighters going in and out in the harbor, and citizens standing on the streets. However, compared with the huge buildings in the city, these citizens and cars are so small that we can hardly see through the images. These moving elements bring vitality to the city, which effectively and exaggeratedly shows that the rapidly developing city may sometimes be chaotic but dynamic. 

I also noticed that the main characters in Cao Fei’s projects are mostly “regular city people” in the rapidly developing society. Just like the tiny citizens in the huge RMB City, they are always out of the spotlight, but indispensable part during the rapid development of the city.

If we say that Cao Fei created a different world, we can say that Eva and Franco Mattes make their “world” visitable to visitors. It’s impressive that they completed this project in 2000 when social media hasn’t been that popular and privacy hasn’t been a hot topic. 
